Images/README.md, before:

# Docker image files

- [Microsoft .NET Framework SDK 4.8 with Text Templating (T4) on Windows Server Core 2019](#microsoft-net-framework-sdk-48-with-text-templating-t4-on-windows-server-core-2019)



## [Microsoft .NET Framework SDK 4.8 with Text Templating (T4) on Windows Server Core 2019](#)

The image file [Dockerfile.net.framework.sdk.4.8.T4.2019](Dockerfile.net.framework.sdk.4.8.T4.2019)
based on the original [build instructions](https://github.com/microsoft/dotnet-framework-docker/blob/main/src/sdk/4.8/windowsservercore-ltsc2019/Dockerfile)
from the Microsoft Dockerfile of mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/framework/sdk:4.8 for Windows Server Core
2019.

We have [added](Dockerfile.net.framework.sdk.4.8.T4.2019#L40) the MS Build 17.0 Component "Microsoft.VisualStudio.Component.TextTemplating" (T4), see also
[Visual Studio Build Tools component directory](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/install/workload-component-id-vs-build-tools?view=vs-2022).

[![docker.com/spheresoftnet/net.framework.sdk:4.8.T4.2019](https://www.docker.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/cropped-Docker-favicon-32x32.png) docker.com/spheresoftnet/net.framework.sdk:4.8.T4.2019](https://hub.docker.com/layers/spheresoftnet/net.framework.sdk/4.8.T4.2019/images/sha256-7cc07347007f911207a5870a442edce1389610138e07eaa88f012166886b8e4b)


<!-- FOOTER -->
<hr style="height: 1px" />
<a href="http://spheresoft.net" style="font-size: 0.7em; float: right">spheresoft.net</a>

Commit message:

2023.08.13.1052
Added: Dockerfile.net.framework.sdk.4.8.T4.GIT.2019
Changed: Images/README

Images/README.md, after:

# Docker image files

- [Microsoft .NET Framework SDK 4.8 with Text Templating (T4) on Windows Server Core 2019 and GIT](##microsoft-net-framework-sdk-48-with-text-templating-t4-on-windows-server-core-2019-and-git)
- [Microsoft .NET Framework SDK 4.8 with Text Templating (T4) on Windows Server Core 2019](#microsoft-net-framework-sdk-48-with-text-templating-t4-on-windows-server-core-2019)



## [Microsoft .NET Framework SDK 4.8 with Text Templating (T4) on Windows Server Core 2019 and GIT](#)

The image file [Dockerfile.net.framework.sdk.4.8.T4.GIT.2019](Dockerfile.net.framework.sdk.4.8.T4.GIT.2019)
based on the original [build instructions](https://github.com/microsoft/dotnet-framework-docker/blob/main/src/sdk/4.8/windowsservercore-ltsc2019/Dockerfile)
from the Microsoft Dockerfile of mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/framework/sdk:4.8 for Windows Server Core
2019.

We have [added](Dockerfile.net.framework.sdk.4.8.T4.2019#L40) the MS Build 17.0 Component "Microsoft.VisualStudio.Component.TextTemplating" (T4), see also
[Visual Studio Build Tools component directory](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/install/workload-component-id-vs-build-tools?view=vs-2022)
and [GIT 2.41.0.3](https://github.com/git-for-windows/git/releases/download/v2.41.0.windows.3/Git-2.41.0.3-64-bit.exe) for Windows.



## [Microsoft .NET Framework SDK 4.8 with Text Templating (T4) on Windows Server Core 2019](#)

The image file [Dockerfile.net.framework.sdk.4.8.T4.2019](Dockerfile.net.framework.sdk.4.8.T4.2019)
based on the original [build instructions](https://github.com/microsoft/dotnet-framework-docker/blob/main/src/sdk/4.8/windowsservercore-ltsc2019/Dockerfile)
from the Microsoft Dockerfile of mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/framework/sdk:4.8 for Windows Server Core
2019.

We have [added](Dockerfile.net.framework.sdk.4.8.T4.2019#L40) the MS Build 17.0 Component "Microsoft.VisualStudio.Component.TextTemplating" (T4), see also
[Visual Studio Build Tools component directory](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/install/workload-component-id-vs-build-tools?view=vs-2022).

[![docker.com/spheresoftnet/net.framework.sdk:4.8.T4.2019](https://www.docker.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/cropped-Docker-favicon-32x32.png) docker.com/spheresoftnet/net.framework.sdk:4.8.T4.2019](https://hub.docker.com/layers/spheresoftnet/net.framework.sdk/4.8.T4.2019/images/sha256-7cc07347007f911207a5870a442edce1389610138e07eaa88f012166886b8e4b)

<!-- [![docker.com/spheresoftnet/net.framework.sdk:4.8.T4.2019](https://www.docker.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/cropped-Docker-favicon-32x32.png) docker.com/spheresoftnet/net.framework.sdk:4.8.T4.2019](https://hub.docker.com/layers/spheresoftnet/net.framework.sdk/4.8.T4.2019/images/sha256-7cc07347007f911207a5870a442edce1389610138e07eaa88f012166886b8e4b) -->



<!-- FOOTER -->
<hr style="height: 1px" />
<a href="http://spheresoft.net" style="font-size: 0.7em; float: right">spheresoft.net</a>
